and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm your host
sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't done so yet check out
my weekly email where i'm sharing
actionable website and marketing tips
useful podcasts free goodies and much
much more each and every monday so you
can start your week off with a bang why
not give it a try over at business
growth dot emails
[Music]
with that said my guest today is
christian ferguson christian's the vp of
marketing over at future
vault welcome to the show sir how's it
going thank you sam uh really glad to be
here thanks for having me on uh it's
going well it's going well it's a
holiday here in here in canada so i'm
i'm having a bit of a relaxed day but
but um you know there's nowhere else i'd
rather be than than on a podcast with
yourself so it's going to make for a
great day relaxing's always good man i
appreciate you joining us on a holiday
excited to chat we're going to be
talking about the three fundamental
pillars
of marketing
and let's jump straight into it
christian can can marketing really be
split into just three things is that
even possible that's
it's a good question and and it's a
loaded question and um you know i don't
want to i don't want to say yes right
out of the gate because i know you know
i might i might receive a lot of
skepticism for that but when you break
down the core aspects of what goes into
solid marketing and how to define your
marketing strategy create a go to market
plan
and then actually define and leverage
different channels and tactics my answer
to that would be yes
you can you can certainly break it down
into fundamental pillars right that help
you achieve your objectives and your
goals and you should be honestly looking
at it in in that regards i think too
much there's too much focus on all of
the outputs
of marketing and everyone likes to
obsess over what i refer to as
the 10
of marketing it's it's what you see it's
what you hear about it's the vanity
metrics but not too many people obsess
over what's taking place behind the
scenes and it's the 90
that make the 10
count but people refer to the 10
as the 90 because they're not overly
familiar with what actually goes into it
or what should go into it and i know
probably that in and of itself is quite
loaded um but we can we can certainly
get into
those three pillars yeah let's jump
straight into it man so what what are
the three pillars that make up a
marketing campaign yeah so so the three
the three foundational pillars would be
a strategy so that's first and foremost
your business strategy you can think of
that as your corporate strategy and i'll
go into each of those pillars uh in a
little more detail just to you know
define him and give a little more
breadth to what we're talking about so
your business and corporate strategy
which can then go into
uh strategy across the different
disciplines so you'd have a product
strategy your customer success strategy
and how to service your customers you'd
have your marketing strategy which would
also be an output of that business
strategy
number two is is your positioning and i
think this is this is really where all
of the magic happens and
if you can
solidify your positioning as a company i
like to i like to refer to it as a as a
cheat code
right you know you can create this
wicked positioning document
that can be used internally it's not
meant for external use but it really
really really just helps you better
understand how you fit and how you play
within a certain market to a certain
subset of the market and
you know you unlock a lot of uh a lot of
greatness as i like to say and then the
third the third pillar
that i like to refer to
is messaging
and that you know as most people know
your messaging is is how you communicate
about your brands and your service
offerings to the market now the first
two you'll you you might notice that
they're kind of fundamentally different
the first two
i would say are inputs and then the
third one you're messaging is an output
of the first two but the reason why i
still bucket it as a third core pillar
is because your messaging is really core
to all of the other external ancillary
activities and
actions that you're taking as a
marketing team
gotcha nice one so those are the three
business strategy positioning and
messaging
let's let's dive dive a bit deeper into
each sir if we may so start off with
business strategy it sounded like that
might involve marketing strategy as well
so that's right
yeah let's chat a bit more about what
that means i mean to me that sounds a
little bit general um business strategy
so let's let's dive into the specifics
and how that can apply to marketing and
helping revenue growth uh absolutely and
it it is it is pretty broad in general
in in nature um and it's meant to be
right so the way i look at business
strategy and i'm sure a lot of people
you know share the same views as i do
maybe some do not but br your business
strategy is really it's a it's a it's a
clear set of plans or actions or goals
that ultimately outlines
how a business your business
will compete in a particular market or
markets with a product again your
product or a number of products or your
services now
the key thing here with business
strategy is that it really should be
sort of like the overarching
guiding light of sorts for your
organization and really
you're probably like okay christian
sounds great what does that mean and
really what i mean by that is that
your business strategy
is there to create
vision and direction for your entire
organization and it's important that you
know everyone within your company
they all have clear goals in mind and
they're all following in the same
footsteps and working you know down
towards the same path or going along the
same path or mission of the organization
otherwise if not um as we all know
this can lead to massive misalignment
and quite frankly actually abuse of
resources you've got people doing things
that they probably shouldn't be doing if
that business strategy is not well
defined from the get-go and so your
strategy provides um provides vision as
i like to say yeah and it can prevent
individuals from losing sight of why
they're doing things
in the first place and and really what
their company goals are so okay
when you boil and i know i know that's a
lot there and again it's still pretty
vague right but when you boil all of
that down you realize it's it's sort of
just like the ultimate why and how right
it's all about clarity it's all about
vision it's all about mission and
importantly it's all about purpose right
so this of course is very high level but
you know you really get to start to see
the importance of it all in in why
having a solid business strategy in
place is important
christian give us some examples of what
might fall under business strategy and
perhaps if you want to do it for your
own company or come other companies that
you've worked with or helped yeah yeah
absolutely so for for our own um for our
own company we have a business strategy
document and this is actually something
that we that we revisit on a quarterly
basis and the reason being is because
actually all of these exercises are all
of these pillars for example so even
positioning messaging they're never a
one and done type of ordeal these are
things that you constantly need to be
revisiting as you introduce new product
features or or you know your value
proposition might change or the market
changes a bit right or your product
matures in any which way and so for us
what we typically include in this
business strategy document is first and
foremost
what is future vault
what is the market that we're going
after you know for example us it's we're
in financial services and we're also in
the wealth management industry again
very high level but then we break that
down okay within those industries
who exactly are the subset of those
customers within those industries that
we're trying to purpose that we're
trying to to service um we've also got
our our mission and our vision in there
and importantly and this is one that
sometimes does get neglected in business
strategy it's often
it's often
like
somewhere else it exists somewhere else
in the organization but not really
translated within the business strategy
and that is our goal what is our goal in
our main objective as a business what do
we see ourselves doing within five to
ten years
again that falls into your mission and
your vision but then importantly for
2022 what is it that we are trying to
achieve you can think of this as your
north star metric and the reason why
that's so critical sam is because that
acts as that guiding goal for all of the
other functional areas in the department
so when i'm piecing together my
marketing strategy for example
i'm hanging on to all of those things
that are within our business strategy to
make sure everything i'm doing aligns
with where we want to put the company
forward and where we want to go as a
company in 2022 in 2023 in 2024 and so
on and so that way everything i'm doing
or everything at least that i'm planning
on doing it's reinforced by that by that
business strategy and so without that
you're sort of you're really missing a
critical component of it
got it okay so
essentially you recommend kind of
putting together a clear document and
you said you'd do that every six months
or so is that right
yeah every you can do every six months
we try to do it quarterly actually okay
so right so right smack at the beginning
of every quarter we try to do
sort of like a reassessment or a
re-evaluation
of everything and that's just the really
that's just to make sure that there's
alignment across the team
and you're basically sharing in that
what you do
who the target clients are target
customers
mission and vision and goals
goals for the next year as well as kind
of larger predictions whether that's
next three five ten years you got it in
another important piece that often again
gets neglected in these business
strategy documents or exercises however
you want to do it i wouldn't say there's
any right way of doing it
um is it's not just the things that you
include or the things to do as a
business it's yeah the things are the
areas to avoid as a business and those
are all of the last the lessons learned
right and that's why actually even doing
it on on a recurring basis whether
that's every four to six months you've
got lessons learned from the last four
quarters okay what did you learn that
went well cool let's adopt it let's
implement it and let's institutionalize
it as part of our process
what were the areas that went wrong why
did they go wrong you know did they go
wrong just because it flat out they just
don't make any sense or they don't work
or did we really not put our best foot
forward
got it okay
helpful and does this
should this be getting tactical
christian in terms of
laying down what you're actually going
to do in terms of actionable so it
sounds like it's it's covering your
goals it's covering what you do it's
covering where you want to get to
um and your vision and your learnings
that's not what perhaps didn't go quite
so well but then is it also laying out
right this is what we're going to do ie
we're going to invest x amount in ads
we're going to do this on that we're
going to do this on our website we're
going to do this offline we can do these
events or is that later stages or is
that not even considered
yeah absolutely and there's a few ways
of doing it i mean you can you can
bundle those two together so you've got
the why and the how from a very straight
like a very tactical point of view
that's often what i like to do so when
i'm again just as an example the way i
do it
when i'm structuring these documents i
always start off with the very the high
level the why what's the purpose what's
the reason what am i working towards and
then i start to get into the the how and
that how starts off very high level as
you would
you know assume
and then it gets very tactical and right
into the weeds and
you know for a lot of people this is
sort of where the go to market strategy
or go to market plan or document would
really become
of high relevance and importance is
that's where you would start to break
down all of the different channels and
the tactics within those channels and
and the way you're doing things and you
know you can like you were saying you
can even match it up against hey here's
what we want to spend in in paid social
for example over the next quarter or
throughout the entire year um
but i would say a really good way of
approaching it is just start off very
broad what do you want to achieve for
the year and then start to start to
break it down i like to break it down
into quarters and then with quarters i
can break it down into months then i can
break those down into weeks and then
days so even at our again as an example
at our at our weekly marketing
meetings i have a very clear
idea of what our team is working on week
over week because i have all of this
documented in our go to market plan in
our executional strategy document
and some things might not line up as as
we all know priorities shift and things
get bumped around but at least it gives
me a really good indication or idea of
what are the next appropriate steps we
should be working on
got it and should you get
super granular taking it from strategy
to actually implementation
is there a level of how granular you
like to get i.e this week or this month
we're going to be focusing on these
activities whether it was like i don't
know
doing certain things on your site doing
certain things on
paid doing certain things on certain
channels doing certain trade shows
depending on what you're in yeah how
specific do you like to get on those
type of things and in terms of perhaps
spend and resource allocation and these
kind of things that's a that's a really
good question um i like personally i
like to get quite specific
so if i'm looking at let's say
the next quarter ahead
i know exactly what those next three
months are going to look like for me or
at least i have an idea of what i want
to achieve for the next three months so
i would have month one month two month
three and within those months i get very
specific okay here are the exact
objectives i want to achieve and here
are the tactics that i'm going to
execute on or that our team is going to
execute on and then from there it gets
even more granular as far as to actually
how are we going to achieve those who is
accountable who is the task owner for
those is there any spend involved how
much are we planning on spending and
then you can sort of match it up right
as well too based on here's what we
thought we were going to spend
here's what we actually spent here's the
return on some of that investment
got it nice one okay well let's let's
move on to step two let's move on to
positioning so yeah let's perhaps give a
breakdown to start with what positioning
actually means yeah positioning is an
interesting one because i think it's
highly misunderstood from um from a lot
of different perspectives and from a lot
of different people or by a lot of
different people um the way i would
describe it is positioning ultimately
will
describe how and why your product is the
best or one of the best um or a market
leader
for a specific subset of the market or
your customers
at any given point in time
and i always i always reference april
dunford i'm not sure if you're familiar
with april or her work but you know
she's arguably
the best of the best when it comes to
positioning and these types of things
and so i i i try to follow her as much
as possible and learn from her and what
she's putting out as far as content goes
and
and i'm actually i'm just pulling
something up right now in front of me
bear with me which is how she describes
what positioning is
just so you can see uh you know the
definition from from the expert herself
so she april this describes positioning
or defines it as
positioning defines how your product is
a leader at delivering something that a
well-defined set of customers cares a
lot about
and so within that you can kind of pick
apart what some of the key ingredients
or components of
positioning are and
you know again like i said there's a lot
of misconceptions as far as what
positioning is i think a lot of people
say hey positioning is my brand right or
positioning is my my messaging well it's
not you know and i can understand why
you would get confused over that but
all of those things are outputs
from
what good positioning would be or should
be right again positioning is an input
things that you're actively working on
to then get a result from afterwards and
it's also important to note that there
are overlaps as you write zoom between
business strategy
and your positioning
and
there should be overlaps right your
strategy should help you solidify your
positioning and it should be used as an
integral component of your positioning
which is why there are overlap so
if we want to break down what really
goes into positioning or how you can
create a solid
positioning document or just really work
on that position for your company
here's
here's sort of five key components that
go into it along with a question that
you can ask yourself to better
understand that so great
say
competitive alternatives is is the first
one and again this is sort of april
dunford's blueprint i've writer books
and you know i've studied the blog so
i'm very familiar with it
competitive alternatives so that's
hey if
if product abc my product
doesn't exist
what would customers use in replace of
that and then you really start to
understand okay what's out there in the
market and then you start to better
understand how can you position
yourselves
against these competitive alternatives
the next one is
key unique attributes
what
and the question to ask yourself here is
really what features or attributes
do you have that alternatives do not now
you might be
there might be you know overlap or some
commonalities between the features and
capabilities but this is really about
picking a part and making sure that you
understand that there are key unique
attributes
that you offer and your competitors do
not which then leads into the third
component of positioning which is value
or unique value differentiators and this
is all about so
what value
do the attributes so those unique
attributes that we talked about in point
two
enable for customers are they saving
customers time are they saving customers
money are they reducing the the back and
forth in a manual workload that
customers typically need to embrace and
and and um you know embody in their
workflow
all of those sorts of things and so you
start writing these things down all in a
document is what i would recommend
number four is
so customers that care in other words
this is you know who exactly cares about
the value that is described here so in
other words segmentation segmentation is
a huge part of your positioning and it's
all it it's also often a a massive
missed opportunity um and this one is
really all about best fit customers it's
not hypothetical in nature saying hey
you know we want a service or our
product is is great for every single
individual on you know on this planet
right in every single industry it's
yeah there might be some truth to that
which a lot of companies you know it's
the spray-it-all type of approach
um but it's about getting really narrow
and focused and understanding who of the
segment within that market would
actually buy from you today and why will
they buy from you and then the next one
is just context within the market and
that one is just really the category
that you're operating within so where
your brand or server's offering fits
within the marketplace as it is right
now
got it okay so you've got five things
competitive alternatives key unique
attributes
value or unique value differentiation
customers are kind of an ideal fit
for what you do which unless you're
coca-cola it's probably not going to be
anyone and everyone and unless you have
several million a month to spend on on
marketing and ads probably not going to
be um and then your content or category
nice it's a pretty and when you go
through these five things sam it's
actually a pretty enlightening exercise
like you start to you you start to see
and i don't mean to put it this way you
preface it in any way but like you
really do start to see some of the flaws
in the holes that
maybe you didn't want to see from your
organization and how you were currently
positioning yourself and i mean that in
a really good way right is that you
actually start to learn
where the true value is and where the
key opportunity lies within your product
or your service and
that's the whole part of doing an
exercise like this and so i would
recommend in the way we do it here is we
created what we refer to as a
positioning document we don't have a
statement or a one paragraph type of
blurb that we use it's a document with
all of these five things broken down
again a document that we revisit on a
quarterly basis
only meant for internal use nothing
external but what it does is it does
allow us to create or do a better job at
creating external documents that maybe
we need to include some of these things
if we're working on uh partnership
proposals as an example right so it's
sort of like this
again i refer to it earlier on when we
first got started here
as a cheat code and i and i'm
you know i will double down on that it
absolutely is a cheat code and you'll
see for yourself if you if and when you
create a positioning document
yeah we all like cheat codes right and
we do
i think that's interesting because
a lot of us spend a lot of time kind of
on tasks or inside our business
and many of us myself included
uh find it difficult to put our ego to
one side as in what we think is great
what we think is working well
our own opinion basically is what i'm
saying and then until you've gotta get
together with your team whether it's the
rest of your sales team your marketing
team leadership and you actually do
these things like comparing
alternate competitive vendors
understand what is actually unique about
your offering pain points problem you
sold for customers value you bring to
them how you improve their life how you
improve their business
understanding
what customers you actually want to work
more with who drives revenue for your
business what sector are they in
what's their job title what do they
enjoy doing et cetera
all of those things yeah until you do
this you're kind of
just guessing right and you're just
thinking you know what's right um until
you actually get together your team or
depending on the size of you or whoever
else is involved
and list them down it's quite often
quite surprising isn't it the the
details that come out and the learnings
from these kind of exercises it it is
and even when you're going through you
know all of those critical components
that you just named off there that go
into positioning
you're still sort of left
assuming from your own subjective point
of view and from what you think and how
you're building the product so a lot a
large part of really good research that
goes into
i guess helping you bolster or improve
your positioning
is talking to customers as well too so
when it comes down to you know the key
unique attributes as well as the value
of those attributes a large part of that
is you've got to do your homework not
just with what you think
exists or the value from your product
but you've really got to talk to the
market about that you've got to ask your
customers what is the value that they're
actually seeing and you need it to be on
you need them to be honest with you
yeah customer interviews very very
powerful tool
and we've got got a lot of past episodes
on those with guys like ryan gibson and
many others on kind of what kind of
questions you ask if you want to refer
to those in the power of those so that's
that's a great point well made christian
um positioning so you've given us a nice
summary of what's involved what you
should consider
how should you actually put this into
play
for your business
uh to actually
i don't know drive growth hit your goals
put your revenue targets how can we
actually take this document this
learning and then apply it
yeah
this and this is probably the part where
a lot of individuals and marketers and
companies get hung up is okay i've done
this work
we've created this you know this wicked
cheat code of a document we've got our
positioning document in place that
outlines the five things maybe more if
you want to take it beyond those five
things that we discussed
now what now now what did we do
right and this is the part where we had
talked about
inputs versus outputs well now is the
part to take everything that you put
into this document
the key unique attributes the value the
segmentation the context all of those
things
and now derive an output from it and
that often leads to
pillar number three
which is your messaging and so you're
taking all of these things that you're
learning
and then you're putting it out or you're
creating new messaging or maybe
reinforcing the messaging that already
exists
to
learn from that and to take what you
know works or what you think works and
on honestly test it
everything is an experimentation
everything is a hypothesis in business
you're not going to know unless you put
it to practice and so pillar number
three is what i would say is the sort of
the ultimate output of marketing because
of its importance and its impact across
all of the activities and actions that
you take as a marketing team and your
messaging is i mean there's a ton of
different ways that you can describe
messaging the way i
easily describe it is is it's how you
communicate and talk about your product
or your service um
both internally and externally so it's
how you describe the value of your
product to your prospects to your
customers and internally with your team
got it so you mentioned the first two
points are more input based
um
because as we said to putting together
the business strategy docs talking to
your team putting together your your
positioning plan
documents messagings more of that output
um that's right two thoughts
should only 10 of your time be spent on
this because you mentioned 90
of work is behind the scenes and 10 out
but does that mean only 10 at the time
gets spent on messaging
no definitely not i think your messaging
is something and the way a lot of
organizations approach messaging is this
you know maybe they'll work on this
positioning document that we'll talk
about they'll refine their messaging you
know they'll come up with a a
boilerplate type of about messaging
they'll come up with their tagline
slogan
and a longer version of an about
and then that's it then they'll use it
and they'll use it over and over and
over and over again until they stop
using it until they tweak probably three
to five words at tops and then they do
the same thing again right then they'll
use it until they overuse it and abuse
it
which isn't necessarily a bad thing here
but to answer your question the way i
approach messaging and i think the way a
lot more individuals and marketing
professionals should approach
messaging is that it's an ever evolving
uh component of your marketing so you
know to say whether you should be
working on it 10 of the time or not is a
little i would say it's a little tough
to gauge that and um you know forgive me
if there's some misconfusion or some
confusion there um
i can't say i can really put a number
behind it sam other than just
you know
saying this is an area
that just deserves a lot more attention
than i think it you know traditionally
gets or or currently does get because of
how impactful it is and often when we
think of messaging we think of
just like a written message what we're
reading with our words but your
messaging extends a lot more beyond that
it also translates and goes into your
brand right how your brand voices how
your brand communicates
that's all part of your messaging
yeah i was going to ask actually so when
for example when i think of messaging
being a company that does websites and
seo typically to me it feels like it's
your website hero area top banner a
strap line your headline um
it might be like you said in your about
section it might be your main call to
action it might be
kind of points that you leverage on your
ads whether that's in linkedin google
ads social feeds etc those kind of
things is that really what messaging is
or is there a bit more to it on where it
can apply
there's definitely more to it
i think that is a um you know probably
the best place to start with your
messaging again because those are all
the high visibility areas of messaging
but you know the the main objective
really with messaging is to
it's to connect with customers it's
connect with
prospects over their preferred
channels um and so that's just not
that's not just marketing it's marketing
that's sales
that's your customer support and your
customer success team um and it's really
all about just helping your messaging
helps you to deliver a good experience
and to match or meet expectations and so
within that
you know you can likely understand that
there are
uh there are different ways to
communicate across different channels
what you had just referenced
is a great example because that's where
a lot of prospects or a lot of customers
come to interact with your brand so it's
sort of you know the starting point but
it's it's not the be-all end-all um your
your prospects might want to communicate
with you in a very different way or on a
different channel than your customers do
and so all of these different areas or
these touch points of where your
messaging has impact can be defined
within a uh within a message a messaging
matrix is what you can create but
without over complicating it i mean the
beautiful thing about having your
strategy and your positioning in place
is that um
it simplifies your messaging
sure
and on the note of simplifying
so the
the business strategy docs that we're
going to create and the the positioning
docs we're going to create it can be
quite detailed right that's right quite
a lot to them how can we
simplify these
into messaging
that is concise
to the point
perhaps it's on a pain point perhaps
hips on a desire a goal objective of our
target customer that we want to attract
how can we
put all of this learnings into something
that's easy to memorize remember
quite concise and to the point if if
they are going to be on various assets
whether that's our internal
literature
materials whether that's going to be on
external stuff that we want clients to
see whether that's on our website our
ads etc and recommendations how to use
it all into one juicy or several juicy
points yeah yeah that's it that's a
fantastic question because
as you're working on your strategy and
your positioning documents
you may get overwhelmed because there's
a lot that does go into it especially if
you're focused on messaging as a primary
output of it all and the key thing here
is that
you're never going to strike gold on
your first
try
right so it's it's a reiterative process
that does um
involve a lot of patience and practice
it comes down to organization and it
comes down to just how are you
structuring these documents and you've
gotta you know and that's why going back
actually into these five those five key
components
of positioning is it's really really
really key to make sure that you don't
miss any of the critical components that
go into it because they ultimately will
provide you with what you need as far as
the messaging piece goes so for example
understanding your key unique attributes
and then understanding the value of them
after doing your customer research or
your customer interviews
that's where a lot of the golden nuggets
are for a lot of companies you you
understand a lot about how your product
or your is actually being used compared
to how you think it was or once was
being used across a different subset of
customers and so you've got to extract
those nuggets you've got to organize
them but then you've got to be able to
pull them out and even move them over
into a different document and i know
this sounds like wow this christian guy
is making us work through a lot of these
different documents but it really does
benefit you in the long run in in the
long term sorry
when you have all of these um
critical pieces documented and well
documented so that you can go back as an
organization and revisit them and revise
them and make amendments to them and
continue to improve and iterate so you
know long i guess a long win and answer
short
it's just it's about being able to
structure it well but then extract the
nuggets and then put them into a
different document and then you'll start
to see where areas overlap and what
makes sense and yeah again you're not
going to have just one messaging that
you try right away it's going to hit and
it's going to resonate and that's what
you're going to use for the next who
knows one to two to three years doesn't
doesn't work that way right you're going
to come up with a variety of different
messages that you want to put out in the
market and you're going to test them and
you're going to see based on
different metrics that you're going to
use to track these messages whether or
not they're going to work
yeah i was going to ask is there any
recommendations you've got and to
actually know if your message is
resonating
if it's actually working if it's
actually moving the needle if it's
kind of depending on what your objective
is whether it's an ad if it's getting
those click throughs if it's being
consumed
yeah and those are those are key ones to
to pay attention to right is hey if
you're running ads on them and actually
running ads is a really good way to test
messaging very quickly if you're doing
it organically it takes a lot of time
right
you've got to make sure that you've got
enough volume so that it accurately
represents your market or the subset of
the market that you're trying to serve
so you can run ads but i think
ultimately what comes down to
whether or not good messaging resonates
or whether it sticks is
does your prospect fully understand the
value
of your tool and of your product and of
your services
after coming across some sort of
messaging that you've put out there so
in other words is there proper alignment
between what you're putting out there
and then the expectation of a prospect
or customer
if they're coming across it
sounds great they're interested but then
when it comes time to having a
conversation with your team or your your
pre-sales team or anything like that and
then they're confused
then you know hey maybe maybe there's a
component of our messaging that works
really well because it's attractive to
our ideal target customer
but there's a lot of misalignment and
there's a lot of confusion so we need to
do a better job at clarifying that so
that there are no confusions and that we
better handle objections upfront
got it got it okay so it sounds like
making sure that actually resonates
with the one of your prospects your
customers so when they are eventually
ready to speak to sales they're they're
clear on the value you bring to the
table how are you going to help them how
you're going to fix their issue and and
so on you got it yeah you got it tim
nice one sir well that is a that's a
lovely way to wrap up today's episode so
with that said christian thanks for
running through the three pillars all
the three fundamental pillars rather of
marketing with us and showing some
actionables on each
now do tell us more about how everyone
tuning in can learn more from yourself
connect with you or the best way to get
in touch
yeah i mean i'm i'm quite active on
linkedin so just christian with k
borgesen uh you can connect with me on
linkedin more than willing to to connect
with and have a conversation with anyone
i'm also on twitter uh chris k-r-i-s uh
borgesan b-o-r-g-h-e-s-a-n
and
those two are the are the best to to
find me
nice one dude and we should put all of
those links over on the show notes over
at
businessgrowth.marketing and with that i
want to thank you once again for coming
on the show thank you thanks for having
me sam this was a blast no worries dude
and as always if you enjoyed today's
episode why not subscribe on youtube off
you're tuning in on the audio podcast a
quick rating or review is always
appreciated with that we should catch
you on the next episode for more no bs
actionable web and marketing tips catch
you soon